docs: Fix local test setup scripts (#1446)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/developer-tutorials/local-test-setup.md

   <details>
      <summary>Custom Lifecycle Manager image deployment</summary>
      If you want to test a custom image of Lifecycle Manager, run the following:

      ```shell
      # build your local image
      make docker-build IMG=k3d-registry.localhost:5111/<your-image-name>:<your-image-tag>

>       # push it to the local registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # push the image to the local registry
```

      make docker-push IMG=k3d-registry.localhost:5111/<your-image-name>:<your-image-tag>

>       # deploy using the image (note the change to port 5000 which is exposed in the cluster)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # deploy Lifecycle Manager using the image (note the change to port 5000 which is exposed in the cluster)
```

>       make local-deploy-with-watcher IMG=k3d-registry.localhost:5000/<your-image-name>:<your-image-tag>

Author: comment: I think we need to provide the registry and especially the port change for it to work

Reviewer 2: :+1:

   Adjust the path to your `template-operator` local directory or any other reference module operator accordingly.

   ```shell
   cd <local path to template operator repository>
   

>    # generates the manifests and saves them to a template-operator.yaml file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # generate the manifests and save them to a template-operator.yaml file
```
In the previous set of comments, you used the second-person singular (user perspective), now third-person singular (command perspective), let's unify.

   make build-manifests
   

>    # create the a ModuleTemplate CR and saves it to a template-yaml file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # create a ModuleTemplate CR and save it to a template YAML file
```
In the previous set of comments, you used the second-person singular (user perspective), now third-person singular (command perspective), let's unify.

   kyma alpha create module -p ./ --version 1.2.3 \

>    --registry k3d-registry.localhost:5111 --insecure --module-config-file ./module-config.yaml

Author: comment: at least on my machine I cannot just create the module specifying a path to the template operator repo. Therefore I changed this to cd into the needed directory.

E.g. (`../template-operator` is my local way to the repo): 

```sh
kyma alpha create module -p ../template-operator --version 1.2.3 \
   --registry k3d-registry.localhost:5111 --insecure --module-config-file ../template-operator/module-config.yaml
CAUTION: You're using an outdated version of the Kyma CLI (2.20.1). The latest released version is: 2.20.3

WARNING: This command is experimental and might change in its final version. Use at your own risk.
- Module built (8ms)
- Default CR validation succeeded (9.595s)
- component descriptor created (1ms)
X Configuring security scanning... (5ms)
Error: component.resources.0: Must validate at least one schema (anyOf);component.resources.0.version: Does not match pattern '^[v]?(0|[1-9]\d*)(?:\.(0|[1-9]\d*))?(?:\.(0|[1-9]\d*))?(?:-((?:0|[1-9]\d*|\d*[a-zA-Z-][0-9a-zA-Z-]*)(?:\.(?:0|[1-9]\d*|\d*[a-zA-Z-][0-9a-zA-Z-]*))*))?(?:\+([0-9a-zA-Z-]+(?:\.[0-9a-zA-Z-]+)*))?$'
```
